Open Source Software Installation and Requirements Guide
---------------------------------------------------------
Introduction
This software is open source, meaning anyone can download, edit, and modify it according to their needs. However, it is essential to follow the correct installation steps to ensure smooth functionality and avoid issues during setup.

Before initiating the installation of the GiDDOS-HackSoftware 3.0, you need to install certain Python requirements and two JavaScript files. This is crucial to avoid errors during installation, as missing any of the required files can lead to installation failure. In such cases, you would need to remove certain components and start the process again. It is always better to ensure all necessary components are downloaded and set up before running the setup for a smoother experience.

Please keep in mind that this program is quite powerful when it comes to hardware usage, as it utilizes both Python and JavaScript to flood a web server or a public IP connection.

Prerequisites
Before running the GiDDOS-HackSoftware 3.0, you must install the necessary dependencies and files. These steps must be followed in a specific order to avoid conflicts during installation.

Python Requirements: The program relies on several Python libraries to handle HTTP requests and other networking functionalities. Ensure you have Python installed and the required modules configured correctly.

JavaScript Files: There are two sets of JavaScript files on /js folder and the files that need to be installed and properly configured. If these files are not present in the correct location, the installation process cannot be completed properly.

Installation Order
To avoid errors and ensure everything works properly, you must follow this installation order strictly:

Install Python Requirements (requirements): This step is critical to ensure the Python environment is configured with all the necessary packages for the software to work. If these dependencies are not installed, the program might not function correctly.

Installation Steps:

Download and install Python if you don't already have it. You can obtain it from python.org/downloads.

Run the following command in the terminal or console to install the dependencies:

pip install -r requirements.txt
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First install JavaScript Functional Files (jsfunctionalities): Ensure the JavaScript files responsible for specific functionalities of the program are present. These files are essential for the correct execution of the software as they directly handle the requests and network connections.

Installation Steps:

Download the JavaScript files related to the project.

Place the files in the same folder as the GiDDOS-HackSoftware 3.0 file.

Ensure the files are correctly named and in the correct location so the setup can recognize them.

Install JavaScript Requirements (jsrequirements): To ensure the software functions correctly, certain additional JavaScript requirements need to be installed. These modules help manage the necessary HTTP connections and request functionalities during the software execution.

Installation Steps:

Download the required JavaScript files.

Ensure you have the correct Node.js dependencies and any other necessary files.

Execute the JavaScript files that configure the network environment and functionalities.

Installation Procedure
Run the Setup: After the Python and JavaScript files are correctly installed and configured, you can proceed to run the GiDDOS-HackSoftware 3.0. This will start the installation process.

Installation Process: During installation, the software will download the necessary components and configure the system. This process should not take long if everything is set up correctly. If the program finds all files and dependencies in place, the installation will complete successfully.

Hardware Recommendation: Keep in mind that this software is quite demanding in terms of hardware. It uses both Python and JavaScript to carry out attacks on web servers or public IP connections. Make sure your system has adequate resources to avoid performance slowdowns or crashes during execution.

Troubleshooting
If you encounter any issues during the installation or while using the program:

Verify that the Python and JavaScript files are correctly installed.

Ensure all files are in the correct directory.

If you face dependency issues, repeat the Python requirements installation process.

In case of errors during the installation of setup.exe, remove any previous installation and start the process again from scratch.

Conclusion
By following these steps in the correct order, you can ensure a successful installation of the software without errors. It is crucial to first install and configure the Python and JavaScript requirements before running the setup.exe. If everything is configured correctly, the installation process will be quick and smooth, allowing you to use the software effectively.

Warning!
This program is intended for pentesting purposes only. It should only be used with explicit consent from the owner of the system being tested. Unauthorized use of this software may be illegal and lead to legal consequences. Use at your own risk.